[WIP] Refactor user interface of JRhom algorithm (previously multi-J) (#5647)
BLAST-WarpX/warpx: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

* ``psatd.do_time_averaging`` (`0` or `1`; default: 0)
    Whether to use an averaged Galilean PSATD algorithm or standard Galilean PSATD.

* ``psatd.JRhom`` (str)

>     Whether to use the JRhom algorithm, where current deposition and fields update are performed multiple times within each time step. This is a string of the form ``CC1``, ``CL2``, etc. The first character of the string denotes the time dependency of :math:`J` (e.g., ``C`` stands for constant in time, ``L`` stands for linear in time). The second character of the string denotes the time dependency of :math:`\rho` (e.g., ``C`` stands for constant in time, ``L`` stands for linear in time). The integer after the first two characters denotes the number of sub-intervals for current deposition and fields update. Unlike sub-cycling, field gathering is performed only once per time step, as in regular PIC cycles. For simulations with strong numerical Cherenkov instability (NCI), it is recommended to use the JRhom algorithm in combination with ``psatd.do_time_averaging = 1``.

Reviewer: There is in general no hyphen after sub, thus change 'sub-cycling' to 'subcycling' above and anywhere else.

>     Whether to use the JRhom algorithm, where current deposition and fields update are performed multiple times within each time step. This is a string of the form ``CC1``, ``CL2``, etc. The first character of the string denotes the time dependency of :math:`J` (e.g., ``C`` stands for constant in time, ``L`` stands for linear in time). The second character of the string denotes the time dependency of :math:`\rho` (e.g., ``C`` stands for constant in time, ``L`` stands for linear in time). The integer after the first two characters denotes the number of sub-intervals for current deposition and fields update. Unlike sub-cycling, field gathering is performed only once per time step, as in regular PIC cycles. For simulations with strong numerical Cherenkov instability (NCI), it is recommended to use the JRhom algorithm in combination with ``psatd.do_time_averaging = 1``.

Author: ```suggestion
    Whether to use the JRhom algorithm, where current deposition and fields update are performed multiple times within each time step. This is a string of the form ``CC1``, ``CL2``, etc. The first character of the string denotes the time dependency of :math:`J` (e.g., ``C`` stands for constant in time, ``L`` stands for linear in time). The second character of the string denotes the time dependency of :math:`\rho` (e.g., ``C`` stands for constant in time, ``L`` stands for linear in time). The integer after the first two characters denotes the number of subintervals for current deposition and fields update. Unlike subcycling, field gathering is performed only once per time step, as in regular PIC cycles. For simulations with strong numerical Cherenkov instability (NCI), it is recommended to use the JRhom algorithm in combination with ``psatd.do_time_averaging = 1``.
```
